Add custom vspec handling from digital auto (#84)
eclipse-velocitas/velocitas-docs: content/en/docs/tutorials/prototyping/_index.md

![generate](./generate.png)

After pressing the button you will be forwarded to [GitHub](https://github.com/).
</br>
Login with your GitHub Account and authorize [velocitas-project-generator](https://github.com/eclipse-velocitas/velocitas-project-generator-npm) to create the repository for you.
</br>
You will be redirected to [digital.auto](https://digitalauto.netlify.app/) and asked for a repository name (Equals to the app's name).
</br>
By clicking on "Create repository":

- the project generator takes over your prototype code
- the code is adapted to the structure in the [vehicle-app-python-template](https://github.com/eclipse-velocitas/vehicle-app-python-template)
- a new private repository under your specified GitHub User will be created.

A succesful generation of the repository is followed by a pop-up dialogue with the URL of your repository. 

Among other things the newly created repository will contain:

{{<table "table table-bordered">}}
| Files | Description |
|-------|-------------|
|_/app/src/main.py_| containing your modified prototype code |

> |_/app/AppManifest.json_| with definition of required services |
> |_/app/requirements.txt_| with definition of dependencies |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|_/app/AppManifest.json_| Settings file defining required services |
|_/app/requirements.txt_| Requirements file defining all python dependencies |
```

> |_/.devcontainer/_| required scripts to install every prerequisite in Microsoft Visual Studio Code |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|_/.devcontainer/_| Required scripts and settings to setup the devcontainer in Microsoft Visual Studio Code |
```

> |_/.github/workflows/_| with all required CI/CD pipelines to build, test and deploy the vehicle application as container image to the GitHub container registry|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|_/.github/workflows/_| All required CI/CD pipelines to build, test and deploy the vehicle application as container image to the GitHub container registry|
```

> |_/gen/vehicle\_model/_| if your prototype includes any exceptional API you added beforehand our [automated vehicle model lifecycle](/docs/tutorials/vehicle_model_creation/automated_model_lifecycle) takes care of handling the custom VSS vspec file coming from digital.auto and generates a vehicle_model when starting the devContainer |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|_/gen/vehicle\_model/_| The generated model classes. If your prototype includes any exceptional API you added beforehand our [automated vehicle model lifecycle](/docs/tutorials/vehicle_model_creation/automated_model_lifecycle) takes care of handling the custom VSS vspec file coming from digital.auto and generates a vehicle_model when starting the devContainer |
```

![playground.digital.auto](./digital-auto.png)
![vehicle-models](./vehicle-models.png)

You now have the possibility to browse existing vehicle signals for the selected vehicle model which you can use for prototyping your _Vehicle App_ by clicking on _Vehicle APIs_.

![cvi-catalogue](./cvi-catalogue.png)

> If the ideation of your vehicle app prototype comes with any new Vehicle API which is not part of the standard [VSS](https://covesa.github.io/vehicle_signal_specification/introduction/) you also have the option to include it into your preselected model by clicking the _+ New Wishlist API_ button (You need an account for that, please contact us for getting one). After adding a name, description, type, datatype and clicking on _create_ the new API is ready to be used in your prototype.

Reviewer: you need an account and must be contributor. please add this condition

To get started quickly, the digital.auto team has added a number of widgets to simulate related elements of the vehicle – like doors, seats, light, etc. – and made them available in the playground.

Feel free to add your own Plugins with widgets for additional car features (maybe an antenna waving a warm “welcome”…?).

## Transfer your prototype into a Velocitas Vehicle App

In the previous step you started with envisioning and prototyping your Vehicle App idea and tested it against mocked vehicle components in Digital.Auto. To transfer the prototype from [playground.digital.auto](https://digitalauto.netlify.app/) to your development environment and test it with real [_Vehicle Services_]({{< ref "/docs/concepts/development_model/val/#vehicle-services" >}}) we provide a project generator. This generator allows you to generate a Vehicle App GitHub repository using your prototype code based on our [vehicle-app-python-template](https://github.com/eclipse-velocitas/vehicle-app-python-template).

In the 'Code' section of your prototype in the [playground.digital.auto](https://digitalauto.netlify.app/) you have the button 'Create Eclipse Velocitas Project'.

![generate](./generate.png)

> If you press this button you will be forwarded to [GitHub](https://github.com/) to login with your GitHub Account and authorize [velocitas-project-generator](https://github.com/eclipse-velocitas/velocitas-project-generator-npm) to create the repository for you. After you authorized the project generator you will be redirected to the [playground.digital.auto](https://digitalauto.netlify.app/) and asked for a repository name (Which also is the app's name). After pressing "Create repository" the project generator takes over your prototype code, adapts it to the structure in the [vehicle-app-python-template](https://github.com/eclipse-velocitas/vehicle-app-python-template) and creates a new private repository under your specified GitHub User/Organisation.

Reviewer: The organisation can not yet be specified or?

- _/app/requirements.txt_ with definition of dependencies
- _/.devcontainer_/ required scripts to install every prerequisite in Microsoft Visual Studio Code
- _/.github/workflows/_ with all required CI/CD pipelines to build, test and deploy the vehicle application as container image to the GitHub container registry

> - if your prototype includes any exceptional API you added beforehand our [automated vehicle model lifecycle](/docs/tutorials/vehicle_model_creation/automated_model_lifecycle) takes care of handling the custom VSS vspec file coming from digital.auto.

Reviewer: please add the _/gen/ folder here
